[Music]
this black woman only drank a cup of
coffee but a group of white men stared
at her on the next day
there was another glass on the table and
there was also a line of words
cup for black people when she wanted to
go to the toilet
however her superior said sorry there is
no toilet here for you
it turned out that the toilet in the
building was only for white people
so she just had to endure and run away
and she went to the black man's office
to go to the toilet
she was catherine because she had
superhuman calculation ability
she had just been assigned to the
aerospace department and she was in
charge of calculating the spacecraft's
orbit
they were working on a space travel plan
however her colleagues in this place
were all white people
and they treated her coldly for example
when giving a part of the document to
her
a colleague intentionally blacked out
important data he said it was for
security
but maybe this security was only for
black people despite facing such
discrimination
catherine was still very hardworking and
serious in her work
however spacecraft orbital data was
always changing
she needed to constantly update the data
to save time
even when going to the toilet she had to
run she even brought documents to the
toilet to study
in order to see the data that was
blacked out she had to look under the
light to see clearly
catherine believed this would be more
difficult she gave the calculated data
to her superiors
but he threw it in the trash because
after seven hours
this data was out of date to avoid
wasting time going to the toilet
she didn't drink water even when she was
sick she also tried to endure
but no matter how hard she tried
everyone here still discriminated
against her
it took catherine three hours to
calculate the result then
because she couldn't stand it anymore
she rushed to the toilet
when she returned there was a group of
people standing around
and discussing the data on the board
they were all amazed at her novel way of
calculating
and this also got her boss's attention
he called catherine to the office
perhaps her boss would praise her
calculation however
once again he caused her to suffer
extreme injustice
her superior told her all important data
is highlighted in black
and this is the most security data so
you can't have therefore there is only
one possibility
you are a spy set by the soviet union
hearing that
catherine was extremely shocked she had
to continuously work overtime
but she didn't get praise either yet she
was accused of being a spy
then she quickly explained just put the
document under the light
i can see the hidden data after
listening the boss still seemed
suspicious of her
after that he took the document and put
it under the light
indeed under the lights the data was
very clear
the boss realized that he had wrongly
blamed her so he asked her name
being noticed by her boss she was very
happy thought that from now on she would
no longer be discriminated against
however low-class people like her were
always downtrodden
one day because she went to the toilet
she had to walk in the rain
as a result her whole body was wet she
wanted to use water to wash her hands
but there was no water she wanted to use
tissue paper to wipe the rain
however in black toilets tissues weren't
also available
but she ignored it and quickly took the
document to the workplace
she had to save time as much as possible
however when returning to the office
she was still late the boss was very
angry and asked her
after all what are you doing why can't i
find you every day
she explained that she had gone to the
toilet hearing that the boss got angry
every day we have to study the orbit of
the spacecraft the time must be accurate
to the minute and the second
however you spend 40 minutes on the
toilet facing the misunderstanding of
her superior
catherine finally couldn't stand it
anymore because there's no toilet here
she said
there are no toilets for black people
here so i have to walk 1000 meters to
get to the west building
do you understand every day i have to
work like a dog
i work from morning to night i can't
even drink coffee in the office
after that the boss told everyone to
come in front of the toilet
and told the black employee to stand on
one side the white employee to stand on
the other side
after that he took a stick and broke the
women's toilet board by himself
after he broke it he held a whiteboard
dedicated to white people
and told everyone that there was no
distinction between high and low
status there the toilet is for everyone
at nasa
the color of urine is all the same after
this catherine didn't need to walk one
kilometer just to go to the toilet
she could also enjoy coffee at the
company the day to carry out the space
travel plan was also coming
therefore everyone at nasa had to work
very hard and
catherine didn't have to worry about
other things anymore she was able to
focus on her work better
figures that others couldn't calculate
however she quickly calculated the
result
because of the excellent workability she
had gradually gained more attention from
her colleagues
she even tried typing her name into the
reports that used to only have the names
of her superiors
however some notions that discriminated
against black people still
existed after her superior found out he
returned the report to her
after all there was still discrimination
against black people
for white people they thought it was
good to give her a job so she didn't
need to be rewarded
after several months of efforts nasa had
finally launched its first spacecraft
after the spacecraft flew into the sky
everyone felt relieved
the media was also constantly reporting
on this everyone was very happy
however only nasa staff weren't in the
mood to laugh because now to get the
astronauts out
they had to accurately calculate the
landing position only when the
astronauts landed safely they considered
it a success
therefore they met all day to study the
plan however
this conference could only be attended
by senior staff so catherine never had a
chance
however she was in charge of calculating
the figures if she couldn't attend the
conference
these figures wouldn't be valid
therefore she decided to go see her
superior
why can't she join the boss asked the
subordinate staff
she doesn't have an access card said the
employee if the instant data isn't
available
we have to recalculate it from the
beginning i have to listen to ensure the
timely calculation of the figures
catherine said
don't go in there talking nonsense her
superior said after
entering the meeting room they started
discussing the data for a person in
charge of nasa
her boss was under pressure from his
superiors when he was asked when they
would be able to calculate the exact
landing position
he couldn't say anything therefore he
gave the chalk to catherine
after that catherine wrote down a
sequence of numbers in turn
and in less than five minutes she
calculated the exact landing position
this made everyone very surprised even
the astronaut complimented her
i liked the way she calculates but not
long after that
catherine changed her job position it
turned out that nasa imported a new
computer
this huge computer could calculate
several tens of thousands of numbers in
just one second
because of its existence catherine's
position also became meaningless
she had to go back to the workplace for
black people although she didn't have
the pressure of work
she couldn't be happy anymore the day to
launch the spacecraft had also come
everyone was ready and looked forward to
the solemn event
but at this time the boss found that the
position given by the computer was wrong
at such an important time there was
suddenly an error appearing
which made the boss very impatient he
hurriedly called the astronaut to
explain the situation
when just hearing that the astronaut was
extremely angry
are you making fun of my life quickly
call the black girl to recalculate
if she can calculate it exactly i'll go
up there if not i won't definitely
depart
meanwhile america wanted to launch a
spacecraft into space but before launch
the astronaut said he didn't fly anymore
it turned out that the orbital position
had an error
the astronaut said the figures
calculated by the machine weren't
correct
so he asked for manual calculation and
the person he trusted was the black girl
named
catherine because catherine only used
five minutes
to calculate the exact location during
the last meeting this made him have a
very deep impression of her
however he didn't know computers had
replaced manual calculation
so catherine was sent to the workplace
for black people to work
after that the boss immediately asked
the assistant to find catherine
the assistant hurriedly went to find he
finally found her in the workplace for
black people
after receiving the documents catherine
didn't dare to waste time she started to
calculate
the astronaut was still waiting for her
data time gradually passed
she finally completed the calculation
after that she quickly ran away to bring
the documents back to headquarters
but when she came to the office door the
colleague only took documents from her
and wouldn't let her in she also knew
this was a high class office
so the black people weren't allowed in
she sadly prepared to leave
at this time the office door was opened
it turned out that the boss was calling
her inside
and even gave her an entrance card after
entering the office
seeing everything unfold in front of the
eyes catherine felt extremely proud
this was the first plan to send humans
to space in history
she calculated the spacecraft's landing
location after the astronaut received
notifications
he immediately decided to return to the
spaceship to depart
the first was to warm up then fly
straight to the sky and every stage was
very smooth
after flying around the earth three
times he successfully returned to the
ground according to the position
that catherine calculated everyone was
so happy
only catherine silently prepared to
leave at this time
the boss called her over well done he
said you too
boss she said since then catherine
became the representative of the black
people
they broke all racism relying on
education and reliable morals
they overcame arrogance and prejudice
her best friend named mary became nasa's
first female engineer
her best friend named anna became the
first manager in nasa
who is not of american origin as for
catherine she returned to nasa
headquarters
and continued to study the apollo
program